# TASK 1
To prepare for your meeting, you need to draft questions that you think will be important and relevant to the CEO and CMO. This preparation will be your guide as you develop your presentation.

For this task, you are only required to draft the questions. Make sure to think both quantitatively and qualitatively.

You’ve been provided a dataset in the resources below to use as the basis for your exploration. Review this data, taking note of what information has been provided, what insights you can garner, and what is relevant to both the CEO and CMO respectively.

Create a set of four questions that you anticipate each business leader will ask and want to know the answers to. Make sure you differentiate your questions, as both the CEO and CMO view business decisions through different lenses.

Submit your eight questions in total (4 for the CEO and 4 for the CMO) in the text submission box below. 

Four questions for the CEO:

1.Can you provide a revenue trend analysis to determine whether retail sales are seasonal?
2.Which countries have the most potential for growth and what steps can be taken to further seize those markets?
3.Who are the top consumers making the most purchases from the business, and what is their contribution to the company's overall revenue?
4.Which regions are producing the greatest revenue and what strategies can be implemented to expand sales in untapped markets?

Four questions for the CMO:

1.What marketing strategies have been most effective in driving sales and increasing revenue?
2.How has customer demographic data influenced the business's marketing decisions, and what insights can be gleaned from that data to further optimize marketing efforts?
3.Are there any notable differences in purchasing behavior across different customer segments, and how can marketing efforts be tailored to those differences?
4.What metrics are being used to measure the effectiveness of marketing campaigns, and how can those metrics be improved to better inform marketing decisions?
